Preview
In my audio preview, I have included 9 audio tracks that will be used in my final project. These sounds include: river water running, birds chirping, rain falling, thunder, fishing rod cast, fishing rod reeling, walking, fly buzzing, phone vibrating, and a splash sound. I am planning to add a few more tracks, including my own voice playing the fisherman and providing dialogue. The first track in my preview is the sound of a body of water moving. This will play throughout the duration of the project, as it immediately lets the listener know that the setting is near some water. The original track was not very long, so I made it longer by copying a portion of it and adding it onto the end. Luckily, it does not seem very noticable. I did the same thing with the birds chirping audio track, because I also intend to have it play throughout the duration to establish the setting as nature. Besides from the rain soundtrack, the other tracks will be treated more as sound effects, in that they will play for a brief moment to indicate that something is happening, rather than for an extended duration of time. For example, the fishing rod cast and reel sound effects will indicate to the listener that the fisherman is casting his line and reeling in a fish. I wanted to hear the individual sound effects when playing against the river and bird tracks, which is why I arranged them to play one by one in Audacity. I was able to adjust the individual volumes of some of the tracks, but will ultimately finish that up later. I would also like to experiment with more Audacity effects on them. The next step I will do is to plan out the dialogue for the fisherman character and also make a script to list the plot in chronological order. Then I will continue to adjust the tracks for volume and add effects. 
